0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

Script that prints the absolute path name of the current working directory : command is pwd

Script that displays the contents list of your current directory : command is ls

Script that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory : command is cd ~

Script that displays the current directory contents in a long format : command is ls -l

Script that displays the current directory contents, including hidden files : command is ls -al

Script that displays the current directory contents : command is ls -al

Script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the tmp directory : command is mkdir name_of_dir

Script that moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory : command is mv file to_another_folder

Script that deletes the file betty from specific location  : command is rm file

Script that deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory : command is rm -rf dir_to_delete

Script that changes the working directory to the previous one : command is cd -

Script that lists all files in the current directory, the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory, in long format : command is ls -al . .. /boot

Commit message:

Updated README file with file command

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

Script that prints the absolute path name of the current working directory : command is pwd

Script that displays the contents list of your current directory : command is ls

Script that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory : command is cd ~

Script that displays the current directory contents in a long format : command is ls -l

Script that displays the current directory contents, including hidden files : command is ls -al

Script that displays the current directory contents : command is ls -al

Script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the tmp directory : command is mkdir name_of_dir

Script that moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory : command is mv file to_another_folder

Script that deletes the file betty from specific location  : command is rm file

Script that deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory : command is rm -rf dir_to_delete

Script that changes the working directory to the previous one : command is cd -

Script that lists all files in the current directory, the parent of the working directory and the /boot dir : command is ls -al . .. /boot

Script that prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory : command is file file_name
